This course contains a lot of new information.
So to make that information a little easier to digest.
I've included a PD f reference guide with the third edition of this course.
This is essentially a one hundred and twelve page e-book which contains lecture notes code examples
and documentation links for each and every lesson in the class.
So video is my favorite medium for learning something new but it ends up being a poor reference tool.
If you forget what something was called or how it works it can be really time consuming to dig through
hours of video to find that one little piece of information you're looking for.
The goal with the PD f reference guide is to give you this information in a way that's easily scandal
so you can find exactly what you were looking for.
You can download the F reference guide as part of the lecture downloads for this lesson so take a moment
to download it now.
So you have it when you need it.
All right that's it for this welcome section.
Let's jump in to the rest of the class.